7549 Can't see the Sync Error Fully on a Tablet (#8114)
msupply-foundation/open-msupply: server/README.md

## Dependencies

> N.B. The version of rust used by open mSupply on 9.6.25 is 1.84, so, once you've installed rust in the guides below, set up your environment to use that version. You can do that by running `rustup install 1.84` and then `rustup default 1.84`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
N.B. The version of rust used by open mSupply as of June 2025 is 1.84, so, once you've installed rust in the guides below, set up your environment to use that version. You can do that by running `rustup install 1.84` and then `rustup default 1.84`.
```

I think the year and date are clearer like this...
